
# Medica
<p>Medica is an web application designed to provide users with easy access to medical information and connect them with healthcare professionals in a convenient and efficient manner. Our website features a chatbot powered by open-AI technology, which can assist users with any health-related questions or concerns they may have. Our Website have many impressive features mainly storing data of medical history and questions that users convey during their registration and login for the web-application and providing beneficial physician notes based on issue that user provided.</p>

<p>Medica chatbot provides some vital functionalities such as providing health suggestions for the customers based on their medical history and also recommend healthcare specialists who treat that respective health issue. This Chatbot which is generated by AI can also answer any query regarding the medical issues and provide best possible solution. It can also predict the health consequences a person can face in future based on medical report  and insists better solution to overcome it such as providing best diet etc. Whether you need advice on a minor ailment or have a complex medical issue, Medica is here to help you. You can ask Medica about symptoms, treatments, medications, and more.</p>


Localhost server:


1.Open a terminal/command prompt and navigate to your project directory where the manage.py file is located.

<br></br>
2.Activate your virtual environment (if you're using one) by typing the following command:

```css
 C:\Users\<filelocation>\Medica\medica>Scripts\activate
```
<br></br>
3.install requirements folder


```css
   pip install -r requirement.txt
```
<br></br>
4.Run the following command to start the Django development server:


```css
   python manage.py runserver
```
<br></br>
5.If everything is set up correctly, you should see output similar to the following:
Performing system checks...


```css
   System check identified no issues (0 silenced).
   March 26, 2023 - 10:00:00
   Django version 3.2.8, using settings 'myproject.settings'
   Starting development server at http://127.0.0.1:8000/
   Quit the server with CONTROL-C.
```
<br></br>
6.Open a web browser and enter the URL `http://127.0.0.1:8000/` or `http://localhost:8000/` in the address bar. You should see your Django app running.
Note: If you need to change the default port number (8000), you can specify a different port number by adding it to the command, e.g. `python manage.py runserver 8080`.
